feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49655)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/63ff732ad5c56c1a497c7f16.md

---
id: 63ff732ad5c56c1a497c7f16
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

Apart from the `.then()` method, the `.catch()` method is another asynchronous JavaScript method with which you can handle errors. This is useful in case the `Promise` gets rejected.

> Add a `.catch()` to the last `.then()`. Set the error variable to `err` inside the `catch()`, add your callback, then log that error to the console, for now.

Reviewer: In the next step, it looks like the code using `console.error` with a custom message

```
 .catch((err) => {
    console.error(`There was an error: ${err}`);
  });
```
I think we should either update the code or directions for consistency.

Author: I don't understand what you mean here. Are you saying the JS seed content of this step and the next one are the same?

Reviewer: If you look at the code in the next step, it shows the use of a `console.error` with the message of `There was an error: ${err}`  but your directions here don't mention that.

Author: Oh. Thanks for the clarification.

> Apart from the `.then()` method, the `.catch()` method is another asynchronous JavaScript method with which you can handle errors. This is useful in case the `Promise` gets rejected.
> 
> Chain a `.catch()` to the last `.then()`. Set the error variable to `err` inside the `catch()`. Add your callback, then using `console.error()`, log that error to the console with the text `There was an error: ${err}`. Since you're using the `err` variable in the text, don't forget to use template literal (\`\`) instead of single or double quotes.
> 
> **Note**: Now you can terminate the code with a semi-colon. You can't do that in the previous steps because you'll signal to JavaScript to stop parsing your code, which will affect your `fetch()` syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.catch()` method is another asynchronous JavaScript method you can use to handle errors. This is useful in case the `Promise` gets rejected.

Chain `.catch()` to the last `.then()`. Pass in `err` as the parameter and a callback function. Inside the callback, use `console.error()` to log possible errors to the console with the text `There was an error: ${err}`. Since you're using `err` in the text, don't forget to use a template literal string with backticks (\`\`) instead of single or double quotes.

**Note**: Now you can terminate the code with a semicolon. You can't do that in the previous steps because you'll signal to JavaScript to stop parsing your code, which will affect the `fetch()` syntax.
```
